Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which d-Connect System Project Team collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the d-Connect Application ("App"). This privacy policy applies to the App and all products and services offered by d-Connect System Project Team.

Personal identification information

We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our App.. Users may visit our App anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain App related activities.

Non-personal identification information

We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our App. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our App, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.

Web browser cookies

Our App may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the App may not function properly.

How we use collected information

d-Connect System Project Team may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:

To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.

To improve our App
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.

How we protect your information

We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our App.

Sharing your personal information

We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.

Changes to this privacy policy

d-Connect System Project Team has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

Your acceptance of these terms

By using this App, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our App. Your continued use of the App following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

Contacting us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this App, or your dealings with this App, please contact us at:

d-Connect System Project Team

This document was last updated on Febrary 25, 2014